h1. Dubit Platform Lite

Our goal for the Dubit Platform is to create the easiest and fastest way to create feature rich virtual worlds. We believe that creating a world should not be just a programmers job, and with the right tools a team of creatives can build something special. We'll know when we've done our job when creatives can start creating the content, games, and adventures without the help of programmers. 

h2. Supported Features

The Demo project supports the following core features. Full platform installation includes Admin website, shops, payment gateway integration, customizable avatars, persistence, and more.

* Basic avatars, see assets/avatar directory for example avatar. Full platform supports customizable avatars using Cutout and Layering engines, "find out more":http://dubitplatform.com/blog/2010/3/6/avatars-the-most-important-decision-youll-ever-make.html
* Multiplayer rooms, with parallax scrolling, depth swapping, lighting effects, collision detection, sound effects, and more.
* World map.
* Experience points and levelling .
* Customizable player skills. Skills can be accessed through the mini game APIs.
* Backpack for storying items found round the world. Items in the backpack can be combined to make new items.
* Quests with multiple objectives.
* Achievements with trophies.
* Collectables.
* Mini Game API. The full platform supports the multiplayer game API.
* Menus shown above the player or objects in the world.
* Verbs. Custom actions on items in the world, such as looking at, picking up, and talking to.
* Branching Conversations with non-player characters
* Chatting. Full platform installation support complex chat filtering.
* Easy to skin Flex components

h2. Installation

# Checkout the repository 
# Install the "Flex 3 SDK":http://opensource.adobe.com/wiki/display/flexsdk/Flex+3
# Set the mxmlc compiler to be available from the command line. 
## Alternatively change the build.mxmlc property in the build.properties file to point to your mxmlc compiler.
# Install apache ant - required for build scripts that copy assets and compile the applications.
# Navigate to the project root directory, likely to be PlatformDemo, and run the build script by typing "ant build" into a terminal window
## The build task will create the bin directory with the compiled PlatformDemo.swf, index.html, and copy over all required assets.
## Never edit the bin directory by hand. This is your published directory, all contents will be destroyed and rebuilt by the build script.

h2. Help

We're the first to admit its not that easy to get started... So don't be afraid to get in touch, ask for help, or tell us we're rubbish! Email "matthew.warneford@dubitplatform.com":mailto:matthew.warneford@dubitplatform.com 